Add a version and further specification of value format (#19)
w3c/correlation-context: correlation_context/HTTP_HEADER_FORMAT.md

`Correlation-Context`

## Header value

> The header value contains a list of key/value pairs. The first pair MUST contain the version of the header

Reviewer: should we allow to assume the default version to be `v=0`? I see why having versioning strategy defined early is a good thing. But assuming that format will be around for a while and we do not have specific plans for the next version - we can save on serialization/deserialization and potential user errors now.

as `v=<version>`.

The header MAY be sent or received as multiple header fields. Multiple header fields MUST be handled as specified by <a data-cite='!RFC7230#field.order'>RFC7230 Section 3.2.2 Field Order</a>. The header SHOULD be sent as a single field when possible, but MAY be split into multiple header fields. When sending the header as multiple header fields, it MUST be split according to <a data-cite='!RFC7230#field.order'>RFC7230</a>. When receiving multiple header fields, they MUST be combined into a single header according to <a data-cite='!RFC7230#field.order'>RFC7230</a>.

When multiple headers are combined as described before, the resulting combined header will contain

> a version identifier for each individual header that was concatinated. This is intended and parsers have to expect that after the first version identifier another version identifier might occur at any time marking subsequent key/value pairs compliant with the denoted version until another version identifier occurs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a version identifier for each individual header that was concatenated. This is intentional and parsers MUST NOT assume that any version field applies to the entire header value. After the first version identifier, another version identifier might occur at any time. Subsequent key/value pairs MUST be compliant with the denoted version until another version identifier is encountered or the end of the header value is reached.
```

This section uses the Augmented Backus-Naur Form (ABNF) notation of [[!RFC5234]], including the DIGIT rule in <a data-cite='!RFC5234#appendix-B.1'>appendix B.1 for RFC5234</a>. It also includes the `OWS` rule from <a data-cite='!RFC7230#whitespace'>RFC7230 section 3.2.3</a>.

The `DIGIT` rule defines numbers `0`-`9`.

The `OWS` rule defines an optional whitespace character. To improve readability, it is used where zero or more whitespace characters might appear.

> The caller SHOULD generate the optional whitespace as a single space; otherwise, a caller SHOULD NOT generate optional whitespace. See details in the <a data-cite='!RFC7230#whitespace'>corresponding RFC</a>.

Reviewer 3: "otherwise" compared to what? Why not say caller always SHOULD NOT generate whitespace? Consume liberally, produce conservatively.

The field value is a `list` of `list-members` separated by commas (`,`). A `list-member` is a key/value pair separated by an equals sign (`=`). Spaces and horizontal tabs surrounding `list-member`s are ignored. There can be a maximum of 180 `list-member`s in a `list`.
One single key/value pair mut not be larger than `4096 Bytes`.
The total size of the header MUST not exceed `8192 Bytes`.

### list

A simple example of the header value might look like:

> `v=0,key1=opaqueValue1[;properties1],key2=opaqueValue2[;properties2]`

Reviewer 2: Maybe also include one with multiple versions fields like? `v=0,key1=opaqueValue1[;properties1],key2=opaqueValue2[;properties2],v=0,key3=opaqueValue3[;properties3]`

@TODO: Provide ABNF once agreed upon

**Limits:**
1. Maximum number of name-value pairs: `180`.
2. Maximum number of bytes per a single name-value pair: `4096`.
3. Maximum total length of all name-value pairs: `8192`.

## Version

> A key value pair `v=<version>` MUST be the first element of the list.

Reviewer 2: This is potentially confusing for combined headers. It is not clear that given two headers, you mean first for each of them.

For this spec, the curent version is `0`.

When headers are concatinated, there might be more than one version identifier in a single header.
Parsers have to expect a new version identifier that denotes the version for all following key/value pairs.
@TODO: We phrased that at many places now - maybe come up with a once-and-for-all solution

## Key
Token according to [[RFC2616](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2616)], [Section 2.2](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2616#section-2.2)

## Value

> The value is an opaque string containing up to 256 printable ASCII [[RFC0020](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc20)] characters (i.e., the range 0x20 to 0x7E) except comma (,) and (=). Note that this also excludes tabs, newlines, carriage returns, etc.

Reviewer 3: I think we had larger limits previously, like 4k.

# Examples of HTTP headers

Single header:

```
Correlation-Context: v=0,userId=sergey,serverNode=DF:28,isProduction=false
```

Context might be split into multiple headers:

```
Correlation-Context: v=0,userId=sergey

> Correlation-Context: v=1,serverNode=DF%3A28,isProduction=false

Reviewer: this example creates an impression that `v=1` is already exists. Let's not give this example as the format of future version is not specified

```

Context might be re-combined into a single header:

> ```

Reviewer: this is a good example for the versioning section. Let's not use `v=1` in the examples section - it gives the wrong impression

Correlation-Context: v=0,userId=sergey,v=1,serverNode=DF%3A28,isProduction=false

>                         [    v0 Parser   ][              v1 Parser              ]

Reviewer: another qq for the versioning section - should system preserve the version or its fine to upgrade to the latest known? Especially in a case of multiple headers
